Changelog for v4.1.0. (#251)
ckeditor/ckeditor5-package-generator: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
=========

## [4.1.0](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-package-generator/compare/v4.0.2...v4.1.0) (September 16, 2025)

### Features

* **[generator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ckeditor5-package-generator)**: Added comprehensive support for `pnpm` alongside existing `npm` and `yarn` options in the CKEditor 5 package generator. Closes [#247](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-package-generator/issues/247).

>   Features added:
>   - New `--use-pnpm` CLI flag for specifying pnpm as package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can now use the `--use-pnpm` CLI flag to specify `pnpm` as your package manager when generating a new package.
```
